Adding contributor's guide (#16)
l3af-project/l3afd: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

# How To Contribute

## Some Ways to Contribute
- Getting started with [L3AF](https://wiki.lfnetworking.org/display/L3AF/Getting+Started+with+L3AF)

> - Report potential bugs

Reviewer: Some of these have sections below and some don't.  Is this supposed to be a table of contents that links to sections below?

- Suggest product enhancements
- Increase our test coverage
- Fix a bug
- Implement a requested enhancement
- Improve our guides and documentation
- Contribute code

### Report potential bugs

First, **ensure the bug was not already reported** by searching on GitHub under
[Issues](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3afd/issues).

If you did not find a related bug, you can help us by
[submitting a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3afd/issues/new).
A good bug report provides a detailed description of the issue and step-by-step instructions
for reliably reproducing the issue.

> We will aim to triage issues in weekly TSC meetings. In case we are unable to repro the issue,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will aim to triage issues in [weekly TSC meetings](https://wiki.lfnetworking.org/display/L3AF/Community+Meetings). In case we are unable to repro the issue,
```

we will request more information from you. There will be a waiting period of 2 weeks
for the requested information and if there is no response, the issue will be closed. If this happens,
please reopen the issue if you do get a repro and provide the requested information.

> If you found a security issue, please do not open a GitHub Issue, and instead [email](main@lists.l3af.io) it in detail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you found a security issue, please do not open a GitHub Issue, and instead [email](security@lists.l3af.io) it in detail.
```

### Submitting a patch that fixes a bug

Fork the repo and make your changes. Then open a new GitHub pull request with the patch.

* Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution. Include the relevant issue number
  if applicable.

> ## Guidelines for pull Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Guidelines for pull requests
```

Great, you want to directly contribute to the l3af project and submit a pull request.
It is recommended prior to working on a PR to submit an issue in github for the change you want
to make describing the change and context around it. This gives the l3af maintainers a chance to review
the issue and provide feedback and work with you on the change. If you have any questions, please
feel free to reach out to the l3af team via [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T02GD9YQJUT/C02GRTC0SAD) or
[mail](main@lists.l3af.io) group. Below are some general guidelines to help ensure a successful PR approval.

- Provide background why you are making the change and the issue it addresses
- List what is changing and provide a high-level summary of the change
- List any relevant dependencies linked to this change
- Describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes and add/update test cases

> - Update relevant docs, especially if you've change API's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update relevant docs, especially if you've change APIs
```

- Ensure all GitHub CI/CD checks pass

## Coding Style

Follow [uber-go](https://github.com/uber-go/guide/blob/master/style.md) coding style

## New Features

You can request a new feature by [submitting a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3afd/issues/new).

If you would like to implement a new feature, please first
[submit a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3afd/issues/new) and
communicate your proposal so that the L3AF community can review and provide feedback. Getting
early feedback will help ensure your implementation work is accepted by the community.

> This will also allow us to better coordinate our efforts and minimize duplicated effort.

Reviewer: This looks like it duplicates what 39-44 says.   Since one should be able to request a new feature (line 59) without volunteering to implement it, it may be better to just point back to the section where 39-44 are instead of duplicating the information here.

# How To Contribute

## Some Ways to Contribute
- [Getting started with L3AF](#getting-started-with-l3af)
- [Report potential bugs](#report-potential-bugs)

> - [New Features or product enhancements](#new-features-or-product-enhancements)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [New features or product enhancements](#new-features-or-product-enhancements)
```

- [Submitting a patch that fixes a bug](#submitting-a-patch-that-fixes-a-bug)

> - [Contribute code](#coding-style)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Coding style](#coding-style)
```

- [Guidelines for pull requests](#guidelines-for-pull-requests)
- [Improve our guides and documentation](#improve-our-guides-and-documentation)
- [Increase our test coverage](#increase-our-test-coverage)

### Getting started with L3AF

See [L3AF](https://wiki.lfnetworking.org/display/L3AF/Getting+Started+with+L3AF)

### Report potential bugs

First, **ensure the bug was not already reported** by searching on GitHub under
[Issues](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3afd/issues).

If you did not find a related bug, you can help us by
[submitting a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3afd/issues/new).
A good bug report provides a detailed description of the issue and step-by-step instructions
for reliably reproducing the issue.

We will aim to triage issues in [weekly TSC meetings](https://wiki.lfnetworking.org/display/L3AF/Community+Meetings).
In case we are unable to repro the issue, we will request more information from you. There will be a waiting period of

> 2 weeks   for the requested information and if there is no response, the issue will be closed. If this happens,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2 weeks for the requested information and if there is no response, the issue will be closed. If this happens,
```

please reopen the issue if you do get a repro and provide the requested information.

If you found a security issue, please do not open a GitHub Issue, and instead [email](security@lists.l3af.io) it in detail.

> ### New Features or product enhancements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New features or product enhancements
```

You can request or implement a new feature by [submitting a GitHub Issue](https://github.com/l3af-project/l3afd/issues/new).
and communicate your proposal so that the L3AF community can review and provide feedback. Getting
early feedback will help ensure your implementation work is accepted by the community.
This will also allow us to better coordinate our efforts and minimize duplicated effort.

### Submitting a patch that fixes a bug

Fork the repo and make your changes. Then open a new GitHub pull request with the patch.

* Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution. Include the relevant issue number
  if applicable.

> ### Guidelines for pull requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Guidelines for pull requests
```
Indent a level since not in the TOC at top of page

Author: It is present in the TOC.

Great, you want to directly contribute to the l3af project and submit a pull request.
It is recommended prior to working on a PR to submit an issue in github for the change you want
to make describing the change and context around it. This gives the l3af maintainers a chance to review
the issue and provide feedback and work with you on the change. If you have any questions, please

> feel free to reach out to the l3af team via [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T02GD9YQJUT/C02GRTC0SAD) or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feel free to reach out to the l3af maintainers via [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T02GD9YQJUT/C02GRTC0SAD) or
```

[mail](main@lists.l3af.io) group. Below are some general guidelines to help ensure a successful PR approval.

- Provide background why you are making the change and the issue it addresses
- List what is changing and provide a high-level summary of the change
- List any relevant dependencies linked to this change
- Describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes and add/update test cases

> - Update relevant docs, especially if you've change APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update relevant docs, especially if you've changed APIs
```

- Ensure all GitHub CI/CD checks pass

### Coding Style

See [uber-go](https://github.com/uber-go/guide/blob/master/style.md)

### Improve our guides and documentation

> The community look forward to the improvement our guides and documentation. 

Reviewer: Can't parse this sentence.  Suggest:
```suggestion
We look forward to contributions improving our guides and documentation. 
```

Documentation should be written in an inclusive style. The [Google developer documentation](https://developers.google.com/style/inclusive-documentation)
contains an excellent reference on this topic.

### Increase our test coverage

> Increase the code coverage by adding the tests. PRs are expected to have 100% test coverage for added code. This can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase the code coverage by adding tests. PRs are expected to have 100% test coverage for added code. This can be
```
